add UI nuance to troubleshooting section (#6904)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/sources/catalog/cloud-apps/sendgrid/index.md

## Troubleshooting

> ### Invalid Credentials Error

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Invalid Credentials error
```

If you're getting an "Invalid Credentials" error when setting up the SendGrid source, send a direct ping to the [SendGrid Marketing Campaigns API](https://sendgrid.com/docs/API_Reference/Web_API_v3/Marketing_Campaigns/campaigns.html){:target="_blank”} to test if you're using the correct credentials.

Make sure you allowlist Segment IP addresses on SendGrid. [Contact Segment](https://segment.com/help/contact/){:target="_blank”} for the list of IP addresses to allowlist.

> ### Configuring Webhook

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Webhook configuration
```

When you disable your SendGrid source, you'll need to also disable the webhook portion of your configuration.

If you are only able to create one webhook, review your SendGrid [account plan details](https://sendgrid.com/en-us/pricing). On the Sendgrid free plan, you can only have 1 webhook.

> ### Zero data or Partial Data Synced
> 
> If you haven't subscribed to SendGrid’s marketing campaigns features, then the object collections will not be synced. As a result, you will see “Zero data synced” in your runs on Source Overview page. Moreover, if you have only selected a few objects to be synced, then only those objects will sync and show up in the Source Overview. 
> 
> However, in both cases, the webhook still processes events data and syncs it to the warehouse. To view the data synced to the warehouse and sync history, navigate to the 'Connections > Destinations', select the relevant Warehouse Destination and then select the Source schema.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Zero data or partial data syncs

If you haven't subscribed to SendGrid’s marketing campaign features, the object collections do not sync. As a result, you might see “Zero data synced” in your runs on Source Overview page. If you have only selected a few objects to be synced, then only those objects are synced and show up in the Source Overview. 

In both cases, the webhook still processes event data and syncs it to the warehouse. To view the data synced to the warehouse, navigate to **Connections > Destinations**, select the relevant Warehouse Destination, and then select the Source schema.
```
